# IDEAS

1. **Linear Algebra Game**
  I've kind of wanted to create a game like this for a while, but I'm not really sure where to start. Essentially, the idea is that it would be a game where you can practice certain linear algebra techniques. A prototype game would be pretty simple. You have angry matrices attacking you, turn-based style, and you defend the castle of friendly matrices (COFM). Certain indices of the matrix would correspond with how the angry matrix might behave. For example, the diagonal of the matrix might correspond to speed, attack, and attack range. Each turn, you would be able to make moves that would change the matrices. Let's say, for the sake of discussion, that you would receive a certain amount of "energy" per turn. Each move, you would be able to perform an elementary row operation. For example, a row swap, scaling a row, or a row pivot, all costing different amounts of energy. Row swaps would be cheap, scaling a row by a lot would not be cheap.
  The game would become a game of strategy. With limited energy, you must think ahead to see what certain row operations may do. If you perform a row swap, the matrices might become too fast and end up reaching your castle, but perhaps that is worth it because you can reduce their attack. Row operations would probably be the simplest mechanic to implement, but there could be other techniques. For example, a powerup that forces you to find the largest eigenvalue of the matrix to temporarily freeze the matrix, or applying singular value decomposition to split the matrix into three different matrices (but you'd have to calculate the associated singular values).
